the puppies are four weeks old today
everybody's doing great they had a
little bit of fall back when I tried
shavings last week in this little pen I
made here in the den a couple of these
wallets and shavings and quit eating for
a day or two so I took the shavings out
and I'm back to doing laundry twelve
times today but it's you know it's a lot
more work it's worth it for the health
and safety of my puppies
the breeders use shavings and either
don't have problems or don't admit that
they have problems losing puppies to
other but I'm not gonna risk it my
babies are too important to me so I'll
just do a bunch of laundry
hey darlings hey babies
we've got a lilac miss Martin mental
mail we have a line like Merle Mail
available a chocolate girl sorry and I
see some chocolate with white so all
these guys are available you can check
out our website for all the details
what fuss at me what's that mean yes
you're ready to eat
they're really starting to play at this
age their teeth have come in they came
in last week everybody's doing good and
I'm real happy with this litter now
they're developing and hopefully they
are hello
so anyway just want to shoot a short
video of them at four weeks old
really starts to play ingress each
other's tails and
they try running and stumble
this is my favorite age of them is when
they're starting to get their balance
and learn to play with each other
they're all staying in the corner here
by me because they can smell me
I had my scent I'm on it Bateson so
they're ready to eat their lunch I'll
shoot another video next week